# CS289 Group Project S - Final Deliverables### Group Member Info| Name       | SID || ----------- | ----------- || Jaewon Lee | 3035373160 || Ioannis Vouvakis Manousakis | 3035352698 |For the early deadline project, we had created a large dataset of synthetic astronomical observations of the planets of the solar system, the Sun, and the Moon. Among the recorded quantities were the right ascension $RA$, and the declination $Dec$ of the considered celestial bodies. The data were collected for a period starting from -1500 BC and ending in 2020 AD. Time was expressed in Julian date (JD), and at least one measurement per celestial body was taken daily. More details about this can be found [here](https://github.com/ioannis-vm/CS289_2020_ProjectS_TeamJupyter).Our goal for the final project was to create models that can accurately predict $RA$ and $Dec$ given a specific time $t$ expressed in JD.Our results are summarized in our writeup, which is available here. The following instructions describe the necessary steps you need to take if you would like to reproduce our results.### Reproducibility of our resultsThe repository has the following file hierarchy:```[Folder] Geocentric Model Param Recovery	[Folder] Mars		Mars_Train_Test.py		Mars.py[Folder] Heliocentric Model Param Recovery	[Folder] 1. Earth Model		Earth_LongRange.py	[Folder] 2. Planets Model		Mars_Train_Test.py		Planets.py[Folder] Auxiliary 	Filter_Data.ipynb	OrbitPlots.ipynb```	Due to the large size of the required input data, they have not been hosted on Github. You can find them here XXX.After downloading the input data folders, they need to be placed in specific locations in the file tree, and the auxiliary jupyter notebooks need to be placed in the Heliocentric Data folder. The final file tree should be the following:```[Folder] Geocentric Model Param Recovery	[Folder] Mars		Mars_Train_Test.py		Mars.py	*[Folder] Geo_Data*[Folder] Heliocentric Model Param Recovery	[Folder] 1. Earth Model		Earth_LongRange.py	[Folder] 2. Planets Model		Mars_Train_Test.py		Planets.py	*[Folder] Heliocentric_Data*		Filter_Data.ipynb		OrbitPlots.ipynb```